Western Alliance Bancorporation Announces First Quarter 2023 Earnings Release
Date, Conference Call and Webcast, and provides Quarter End Financial Update

PHOENIX--(BUSINESS WIRE)-- Western Alliance Bancorporation (NYSE: WAL) announced
today that it plans to release its first quarter 2023 financial results after
the market closes on Tuesday, April 18, 2023. Ken Vecchione, President and CEO
and Dale Gibbons, Vice Chairman and CFO will host a conference call at 12:00
p.m. ET on Wednesday, April 19, 2023 to discuss the Company's performance.

Participants may access the call by dialing 1-833-470-1428 using the access code
192362 or via live audio webcast using the website link:
https://events.q4inc.com/attendee/218206682.

The webcast is also available through the Company's website at
www.westernalliancebancorporation.com . Participants should log in at least 15
minutes early to receive instructions. The call will be recorded and made
available for replay April 19th after 3:00 p.m. ET until May 19th at 11:00 p.m.
ET by dialing 1-866-813-9403 using the access code: 279348.

In addition, Western Alliance Bank (“Western Alliance” or the “Bank”), the
primary subsidiary of Western Alliance Bancorporation, today provided the
following unaudited financial information as of March 31, 2023:

• Total insured deposits, including collateralized and pass-through insured
deposits, represent approximately 68% of total deposits, significantly higher
than year-end.

• As of quarter-end, immediately available liquidity (on-balance sheet liquidity
and unused borrowing capacity) exceeded uninsured deposits, with a coverage
ratio greater than 140%.

• As of quarter-end, the Bank had no borrowings outstanding from the Federal
Reserve’s discount window after balance sheet repositioning. Western Alliance
expects its CET1 ratio to be materially consistent with year-end 2022.

• Unrealized losses on Securities and Held for Investment (HFI) loans have
improved since year-end primarily due to lower interest rates, as well as other
factors.

◦ Estimated gross unrealized losses were:

▪ HTM securities - $139 million ($107 million after-tax), down from $177 million
at year-end

▪ Available-for-Sale securities - $789 million ($608 million after-tax), down
from $881 million at year-end.

▪ HFI loans - $2.9 billion ($2.2 billion after-tax), down from $4.2 billion at
year-end.

▪ Partially offset by unrealized gains on debt and other borrowings of $431
million ($332 million after-tax), up from $121 million as of year-end.

• Western Alliance maintains non-interest bearing deposits in excess of
residential loans, which are the primary contributor to unrealized losses on HFI
loans.

Kenneth A. Vecchione, President and CEO of Western Alliance Bank, concluded,
“Western Alliance’s uniquely flexible, diversified business model positioned us
to weather the liquidity tightness that enveloped the industry over the past
month. Put simply, Western Alliance Bank is different; this diversification
continues to distinguish us from monoline or sector-concentrated peer banks.
This also demonstrates the value of Western Alliance’s scalable national funding
channels and allows us to continue to serve clients across sectors, geographies,
or macro trends.”
                                                                                
  About Western Alliance Bancorporation                                         
                                                                                
With more than $65 billion in assets, Western Alliance Bancorporation (NYSE:
WAL) is one of the country’s top-performing banking companies. Through its
primary subsidiary, Western Alliance Bank, Member FDIC, business clients benefit
from a full spectrum of tailored banking solutions and outstanding service
delivered by industry experts who put customers first. Major accolades include
being ranked #1 top-performing large bank with assets greater than $50 billion
in 2021 by both American Banker and Bank Director. Serving clients across the
country wherever business happens, Western Alliance Bank operates individual,
full-service banking and financial brands with offices in key markets
nationwide. For more information, visit westernalliancebank.com .

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This release contains forward-looking statements that relate to expectations,
beliefs, projections, future plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends
and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts.
Examples of forward-looking statements include, among others, statements we make
regarding our expectations with regard to our business, financial and operating
results, including deposit balances, capital ratios and unrealized losses on
investment securities, future economic performance and dividends. The forward-
looking statements contained herein reflect our current views about future
events and financial performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties,
assumptions and changes in circumstances that may cause our actual results to
differ significantly from historical results and those expressed in any forward-
looking statement. Some factors that could cause actual results to differ
materially from historical or expected results include, among others: the risk
factors discussed in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission; the
potential adverse effects of unusual and infrequently occurring events,
including bank failures; changes in general economic conditions, either
nationally or locally in the areas in which we conduct or will conduct our
business; the impact on financial markets from geopolitical conflicts;
inflation, interest rate, market and monetary fluctuations; increases in
competitive pressures among financial institutions and businesses offering
similar products and services; higher defaults on our loan portfolio than we
expect; changes in management’s estimate of the adequacy of the allowance for
credit losses; legislative or regulatory changes or changes in accounting
principles, policies or guidelines; supervisory actions by regulatory agencies
which may limit our ability to pursue certain growth opportunities, including
expansion through acquisitions; additional regulatory requirements resulting
from our continued growth; management’s estimates and projections of interest
rates and interest rate policy; the execution of our business plan; and other
factors affecting the financial services industry generally or the banking
industry in particular.

Any forward-looking statement made by us in this release is based only on
information currently available to us and speaks only as of the date on which it
is made. We do not intend and disclaim any duty or obligation to update or
revise any industry information or forward-looking statements, whether written
or oral, that may be made from time to time, set forth in this press release to
reflect new information, future events or otherwise.

Investors:

Dale Gibbons, 602-952-5476

Media:

Stephanie Whitlow, 480-998-6547
